one way that you can develop your your interpersonal skills working with
the team be a better team mate is is improving your your level of
communication not just how you are able to get your response is a cross
but also just listening to others and you know you really have
to to listen to a lot of times people when they're being talked to they're
in their own minds kind of thinking what they already want to
say to that question or with their response is going to be and when
you do that you really aren't fully listening to what the other person
is saying because you're more inside your own head trying to kind
of figure out what you're going to say next and you can miss a lot
so one of things you can do with your interpersonal communication skills
is just truly listen like don't be in your own head trying to
figure out what you're going to say next but listen to what's being
said if you have to take a moment to pause and then start thinking that's
okay because then you fully listen to what those other teammates
had to say you're gonna provide a much better response to that question
or the overall conversation which is going to propel that team
in a in a forward direction